[cosmwasm] CosmWasm integration with contract manager (#1025)
pyth-network/pyth-crosschain: target_chains/cosmwasm/deploy-scripts/README.md

# How to add a new chain or contract

1. Add the chain information to contract manager `CosmWasmChains.yaml`. You can lookup for rpc endpoints in [this repo](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry). The `gasPrice` is the `average_gas_price` of the chain + the chain token `denom` (Available in chain-registry `chain.json` file).
2. If the wormhole contract is not deployed on the target chain run the following command:

   ```
   npm run instantiate-wormhole -- --private-key <YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HEX> --deploy <stable or edge> --chain <chain id>
   ```

   You can re-build the wormhole contract using the scripts given in `wormhole-stub`.
   Run `build.sh` and you will get the compiled contract code in `wormhole-stub/artifacts`

3. Deploy the pyth contract:

   ```
   npm run instantiate-pyth --contract-version <X.Y.Z> --private-key <YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HEX> --deploy <stable or edge>
   ```

4. You can test the new contract via contract manager scripts like this:

   ```
   cd ../../../contract_manager

>    npx ts-node src/update_pricefeed.ts --private-key <YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HEX> --contract <CONTRACT_ID> --feed-id <FEED_ID>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   npx ts-node scripts/update_pricefeed.ts --private-key <YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HEX> --contract <CONTRACT_ID> --feed-id <FEED_ID>
```

   ```

> 5. Commit the new entries added to contract manager yaml files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make a PR  the new entries added to contract manager yaml files
```
